= Redmine Silencer 2

A Redmine plugin to suppress email notifications (at will) when updating issues.

Especially useful for silent mass-updates when you don't want to spam all the project participants with your minor update.

<em>This is a fork of the 'Redmine Silencer' plugin with additional contributions from github users @commandprompt and @tofi86 (CTO @paginagmbh)</em>

<em>This plugin is listed in the {Redmine plugin directory}[http://www.redmine.org/plugins/redmine_silencer]</em>

== Requirements

Works fine with Redmine 2.0 - 2.6, Redmine 3.x, and Redmine 4.x, whereas the {original repo}[https://github.com/a1exsh/redmine_silencer] doesn't (after commit f6cc13725c)

* For Redmine versions prior to 2.x, check out the +pre-2.x+ branch.
* For Redmine versions prior to 2.4, check out the +pre-2.4+ branch.
* For Redmine versions prior to 4.x, check out the +pre-4.x+ branch.
* For Redmine versions 4.x use the +master+ branch.

== Installation

Simply clone the git repo under +plugins/+ in your redmine directory and restart the webserver.

Then go to _Administration_ > _Roles_ _and_ _permissions_ and enable 'Suppress
mail notifications' permission for roles that need to be able to do
that (typically Manager and/or Developer.)

You can also enable the 'Suppress mail notifications' checkbox by default in _Administration_
> _Plugins_ > _Configure_ for the 'redmine_silencer' plugin.

== Caveat concerning version 0.5.x

Copying an issue might lead to a change of the source issue when the global settings of Redmine state that copied issues should be linked by default. 

If so, the users watching or belonging to the source issue will get notified. Unfortunately, it is not possible to avoid the notification of the source issue in such a case.

When you don't want users to be informed about copying issues you should modify the global settings in Administration -> Configuration -> Issues accordingly.
